Instructor: Now to practice some of the attacks
that we're gonna learn in the future lectures,
you need to have a target machine, or a victim machine.
So this is a computer that you're going to target
and try to hack and test the attacks
that we're gonna learn against.
So you can do this against any machine,
but I highly recommend installing target machines
as virtual machines.
This is great because it won't break a real computer for you
if you actually break something.
It's also very easy to fix,
even if you have a computer that you don't care about.
It's very easy to fix virtual machines.
You can just remove it and reinstall it
or store a snapshot and go back to it.
Now, as we all know,
Windows is a very common operating system.
It's used by a lot of people.
So in this video I'm gonna show you how to install Windows
as a virtual machine on all operating systems
so that we can test the attacks
that we're going to learn against it.
If you have an Apple computer that uses an M Chip,
then skip this lecture and watch the next lecture.
That one will show you how to install Windows
on an Apple M computer.
For Windows, Linux, and Apple computers
that use the Intel chip,
you can continue watching this lecture
to learn how to install Windows on it.
Now, Microsoft has released ready virtual images
for people to test windows
so we can actually download a virtual image of Windows
for free from Microsoft.
I'm gonna include the download links
in the resources of this lecture.
Now, I've already done that
and I already have it in here in my downloads.
As you can see, we have it here,
MSEDGE.windows10.VMware.
And as you can see from the icon, this is a zip archive.
Therefore, in order to use the contents inside it,
we have to uncompress this file.
So to do that on Windows,
simply we're gonna have to double click it,
copy the content,
go back one directory and paste it here.
We're gonna give it some time to uncompress the content.
On Mac you can do the same,
simply double click and it will uncompress the content.
And on Linux, you'll have to right click
and click on extract here.
Now I'm doing these steps from a Windows host computer,
but you should be able to follow them on Apple MacOS,
and Linux because we are essentially
using the same virtualization software, which is VMware.
Once this is done, we're gonna have
another directory in here with the contents
of the virtual Windows image.
To import this to VMware,
we're gonna first of all run VMware.
We're gonna click on Open Virtual Machine,
or go to Player, File, Open.
We're gonna navigate to the location
where we have this file in here.
So it's gonna be in my downloads
in MSEdge.windows10.VMware,
and we're gonna select the only file
that we can actually select from the list.
We're gonna click on open
and we can set the name of the machine in here.
So for example, I can set it to Windows 10.
You can change the path where it's gonna be stored,
but we're gonna keep that the same,
and we're gonna click on import to import it.
You're gonna have to give it a bit of time
to import this machine into VMware.
And Perfect.
As you can see now, it's imported in here.
And as usual, we can simply start it
by clicking on the green play button.
But before doing that,
I actually wanna modify the amount of memory it has.
So we're gonna right click and go to settings.
And as you can see by default
it's set to have four gigabytes of memory.
I think that's a little bit too much.
It doesn't need that much.
So we're gonna set that to two
by dragging the slider down to two.
W we're gonna click on okay,
and start it by clicking on the green play button.
And Perfect.
As you can see now, the machine started.
We're gonna click inside and click again to log in.
The default password in here is capital Passw0rd!
I'm gonna hit enter, and here we go.
We have a fully working virtual Windows 10 computer
installed inside our main machine.
and we did that so we can test attacks
against this virtual machine
without affecting our host computer.
Now we can go in full screen by clicking here
and go into full screen.
The screen should automatically resize, if it doesn't,
right click display settings
and you can set it to the right resolution for your screen.
I'm gonna set it to 3840 by 2160
because I have 4K screen,
you can see that the icons are actually really small
because I have such a high resolution screen.
In your case, you'll only face this issue
if you have a 4K screen.
So you'll also probably need to set
the scaling in here to 200.
And as you can see now,
the icon size has changed to the normal size.
Now, if you face any other issues,
check out the featured questions,
and if you don't find an answer,
feel free to ask us and we will respond to you
within a maximum of 15 hours.